Ah!
How to do what to do
I can't let my brother find out
dragon
I'm leaving please
Please, please.
Come to our room and wait a moment, okay?
Head head please please
Forgot to give it to you
Is my sister surprised?
Is it surprising?
Of course, surprise.
If you come later
You have to say hello to me in advance
I share this house with someone else
We all agreed in advance
If a friend comes, let me know in advance
Wow, your house is too big, isn't it?
There is a swimming pool and a sky garden.
Keep it down.
My roommate is at work
By the way, how's your job going?
Hey, sister, don't worry.
I have Munich taking care of me everywhere
No one dares to embarrass me
And I have to record a variety show tomorrow.
Just wait for your brothers
Then try to be as active as possible when you are on the scene
That way there will be more shots.
But don't be too deliberate
Otherwise, it will leave a bad impression on the audience.
Be careful
Hey, how much is it?
Stage search for so many years
Do you have the idea of falling in love?